docs: update docker-podman-offline.md (#2440)
splunk/splunk-connect-for-syslog: docs/gettingstarted/docker-podman-offline.md

# Install a container while offline

You can stage SC4S by downloading the container so that it can be loaded on a

> host machine, for example on an airgapped system, without internet connectivity.

Reviewer: maybe:

```
You can download the SC4S image file and then load it on a host machine without internet connectivity, for example on an airgapped system.
```

> 1. Download the container image "oci_container.tgz" from our [Github Page](https://github.com/splunk/splunk-connect-for-syslog/releases). The following example downloads v1.12; replace the URL with the latest release or pre-release version as desired:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the container image "oci_container.tgz" from our [Github Page](https://github.com/splunk/splunk-connect-for-syslog/releases). The following example downloads v3.23.1; replace the URL with the latest release or pre-release version as desired:
```

```

> sudo wget https://github.com/splunk/splunk-connect-for-syslog/releases/download/v1.12.0/oci_container.tar.gz

Reviewer: ```suggestion
wget https://github.com/splunk/splunk-connect-for-syslog/releases/download/v3.23.1/oci_container.tar.gz
```
